// This looks like code but it really isn't
applePies = apple + pies
// Why are you reading this
mincePies = bakery - pie
// I don't know how I added this and I don't know how to get rid of it

Hi everyone, I hope everyone's doing well!

This'll be the start of my first series on LinkedIn, where i'll be sharing about a company that i'm building along with my co-founder Jordan in our spare time. We were talking about ideas one day when we realized we had a cool, innovative idea. So we decided to check it out and do some research.

As we researched more about the market, we found the existing market cap was in the trillions and there was a real chance for our product to not only disrupt the market, for lack of a less cliche term, but perhaps even create a new category within that market. Our product in the eCommerce space as TikTok/Snapchat would be in the Video space without giving too much away.

We both went to school and grew up in New Zealand. I started at Southwell in Hamilton, then I went to St Pauls for a few years before moving to Auckland to study at AIC, later I faxed my CS Degree from Auckland Uni. 

I started my journey in technology at a startup specializing in GPU-accelerated exascale storage solutions where I had the opportunity to wear many hats and assume different responsibilities. From QA testing to provisioning IT infrastructure to creating CI/CD pipelines and developing complex low-level code for linux kernel-space software. 

It wasn't enough for me to be impressing all my friends and family with big words and tech terms that no one outside of work, scratch that, no one outside of my team could understand. I wanted to be able to create something closer to the customer, something I could share with anyone and they could immediately understand. So I moved into the web space as a full-stack developer, armed with my big words and tech terms I quickly started teaching myself to build real solutions with real applications. 

For the next few months, we will be working on our project and i'll be creating short blogs to keep you up to date with how we go.

There's only two possible outcomes, we either become a huge success or we quickly burn and fail. 



